I just drop this two strangers
off in the middle of the wilderness.
These two guys have
never met each other in their life.
Nice to meet you, man.
Every day that the two of you
survive in the wilderness,
I'll give you $10,000.
I hope you brought enough money,
man. We're here for the long run.
Hey, put that camera down.
Let's head out.
Take care boys.
This video can make you guys millionaires.
He's going to be poor
by the time we're out of here!
- I'm Hase.
- Hase, I'm Grizz.
- Nice to meet you, man.
- Grizz?
All right. You're gonna be my best
friend for the next, however long.
Starting now.
These guys receive $10,000 everyday
with the only limit
being how long they can survive.
Which theoretically means
they could win unlimited money.
Dude, if we stay here,
we’re both multimillionaires.
We are trying to find a camping spot,
build a fire, survive at night.
I guess we should just set up camp here.
For the rest of the night,
they gathered wood
and went through their supplies,
We've got approximately five days
worth of food,
Two things of water.
Looks like a change of clothes.
some warm jackets and boom,
a fire starter.
Let’s see if we can get a fire going.
- Oh, yeah!
- We are good.
Let’s make beds out of pine needles.
It won’t be comfortable, but at least
we won’t freeze to death tonight.
We're alive.
Day two.
In the morning, I showed up
to give them their first $10,000.
Boys, how was the first night?
It was cold.
It’s been 24 hours and
I didn't walk over with ten grand.
You're not gonna ask?
- Yeah, I guess we should, right?
- Yeah.
Okay. Just look up.
Oh my...
Here we go!
Every 24 hours, we're to drop
$10,000 out of a plane for you guys.
- There's $10,000!
- In a parachuted briefcase.
Catch it! Go catch it! Go- watch out!
- Bro, this is crazy.
- Okay.
Bro, we’re going to be so rich
by the end of this video.
And on top of that money,
This is your flare gun.
Very careful. Shoot it up in the air.
The challenge ends for both of you
and you walk away
with the money you've won.
So, how long should we stay out here?
3.6 million for the year is crazy.
Alright, the plan's officially a year.
We're going to split this in two.
You get this.
- Yes.
- I get this.
Now, we can't screw each other over.
But later in this video,
that plan doesn't exactly work.
Alright, I feel bad, but I
need to steal that flare gun.
I just got to shoot this thing,
and I get to be a dad again.
If you fire that flare, I literally
think I'm going to kill you.
Well buddy, you ready to get rich?
Absolutely.
By day three you could say the boys were
pretty tired of sleeping on the ground.
So after another 10 grand, they started
work on building their shelter.
Going to use my jacket
to gather pine needles
and layer them on the shelter.
Alright, I found this metal piece
from a kid's swing set,
and I think it's going to work great
for the roof for our shelter.
Layer one on.
Here's
a section that we're working on.
You see, it's
got some structural poles.
We get to use the parachutes
and the cord.
So we're going to make a rain cover
on our shelter.
Everyone thinks probably,
that I'll be the reason we
leave and fail this challenge,
but this money would
mean college for the kids.
And then on day four they started looking
for a water source.
Oh, there's a swamp.
I would feel safe boiling that.
Yeah, we gotta be
careful because that stuff
is full of bacteria
and parasites.
Just a touch of the swamp.
Alright, We’re going to bed.
Hopefully Grizz snuggles up
because it's cold
and he's big and warm.
This is like the third day in a row
that we've gotten two hours of sleep.
It's been so cold.
If it rained right now,
we'd probably have to go to the hospital.
But I do it for $10,000.
And it wasn't just the freezing
temperatures that we're getting to them.
We're at the end of our supplies.
Grizz likes to call it a fast,
which sounds so much nicer
than starving.
And for the next few days,
the hunger problem didn't get any easier.
We had a little square of
beef jerky this morning and that's it.
Jimmy gave us five days worth
of food and it's day nine right now.
These are Greenbrier leaves.
Grizz says they're edible, I guess.
Yeah.
It was clear by this point
That the boys
were extremely hungry.
But lucky for them, I had a surprise
waiting for them on day 10.
They've officially survived
ten days.
- Yeah, brother!
Bring in the helicopter.
Oh, man.
I'm nervous dude.
Oh my gosh.
To celebrate Day 10,
brought you guys an additional
ten days worth of food, spices,
two tarps and everything
you would need to fish.
All of this for $50,000
of your prize money.
-You want some beef jerky?
- Yes.
Don't eat it yet. These beans look good?
- Absolutely.
He's not kidding.
This is literally all the
things we would need to fish.
- 50 grand.
- Should we talk to them now?
- Yeah.
- All right.
All right, Jimmy.
I'll throw in two Feastable bars.
Yes.
Let's do it.
- Thank you.
- Thanks, Jimmy!
Thanks, Jimmy.
It's definitely a deal
we had to say yes to.
That week of food literally cost
as much as my kid's college tuition.
- Hello!
- Hey!
Bro, I still can't believe it every time
this money falls out of the sky.
The food from the crate
will keep them fed for ten days.
But if they want to make it a year…
Alright, the plan is officially a year.
They’ll still need to find
more food in the wilderness.
So some of you might be wondering,
Why have they not caught fish?
Well, the swamp nearby has no fish in it.
What we really need is
moving water that we can fish in.
And while Hase was
grumbling on about his kids…
And my two-year-old
doesn't sleep very well either, so...
This happened.
I think being a dad-
What is this?
This is a creek.
This is not a swamp.
This is actually moving water.
There's fish in here.
Dude, look at this.
It's like a dock.
This is the perfect place
for food and shelter.
And after another few days full
of a surprise freezing rainstorm...
Rain. At least now we have
a hundred thousand dollars.
They decided to move
and upgrade their shelter
near their new found water source.
Good morning, Grizz.
How are you always up earlier than me?
We're
gathering up a bunch of dead trees
that we can do for our structure.
And then we balanced them together
into an A-frame shape
and cut the trees to the right length.
I'm sorry.
No, it's all right.
I'm glad I broke your fall.
Sorry.
All right,
so maybe they had a bit of a false start,
but once they got the structure back up,
they spent the entire next day
putting their finishing
touches on their shelter.
They even built a fishing dock
to help them catch more food.
- Docks done.
- Pleasantly surprised.
And now all we got to do
is catch a fish.
- Come on. Right?
- Yeah.
And as good as was this may be
without sleeping bags, the winter
night was still unforgiving.
Another  really cold night.
Cold toes, cold feet. No sleeping bag.
So I think I knew what my next offer was.
It's Day 20 and they moved
super deep in the woods
so now we have to get there by boat.
- You hear that sound in the distance?
- What'd you say?
Is that a boat?
Any minute now, when we find them,
I've got a fun offer for them.
How's it going, boys?
- Hey, Jimmy!
- Hey, guys. What's going on?
Two things. First,
the plane needed maintenance,
so I'm delivering this by hand.
- Hey, all right.
- Here's your $10,000,
which puts you guys at $140,000.
And second, we have an offer for you.
Reveal your offer.
Just go ahead.
Take it off. Here it is. Ooh.
You can either give me $10,000
for that red sleeping bag
or give me $50,000
and you get both sleeping bags.
- What?
- Five times the amount for both.
Oh, man.
- Can I take it out?
- Yeah. Look at it.
Yeah. Check them out.
Hang on. I just got to do this.
These are the same sleeping
bag we used in Antarctica.
They work very well.
Here's the weather forecast.
It's going to get pretty cold
next week,
so I highly recommend
you at least buy one.
When we started this thing out,
we were in the twenties without anything.
We've adapted to it.
We have bedding, we have pine straw.
We're doing pretty well
in these low temperatures.
I would love to have a sleeping bag.
But $50,000 is...
I sleep closer to Grizz
than I do my wife, so...
I'm not even kidding.
You're actually going to say no
to both?
A really cold night.
No sleeping bag.
Yeah, so I think- I think it's final.
We don't want it.
- Yeah. Agreed.
- Not even a single sleeping bag.
All right, boys, close it up.
Sure the boys could survive
without sleeping bags,
but that didn’t solve their food problem.
In between sitting out rainy days,
the boys go into a bit of a routine
where they would boil water,
work on their shelter,
and try to catch fish,
which wasn't really working out for them.
We've got some guts for bait
and we're going to cast them out,
and hopefully the fish
come off the bottom of the creek.
Day after day of failing
to catch any fish...
Let's go check the lines.
See if any catfish are on.
They finally caught a wind
in their sails.
Grizz!
Or whatever that
abomination of Mother Nature was.
What is that?
Can I eat it?
First fish.
It's an eel and I think I'm gonna
charcoal grill it.
We're going to have ourselves
some American style unagi.
This is the first thing that
we've caught out here in 27 days,
which is insane.
We're happy to have it, and
we're going to make it delicious.
I don't know
if this is what I call delicious,
but the fact that they haven't
had a fresh meal in almost 30 days
means even a rock would
taste good to them at this point.
It's excellent.
It's so good.
It's really.
It's just, like, amazingly good.
If we keep catching fish like this
we can easily stay for a year, bro.
Dude, yeah. 3.6 million dollars.
Good night.
And on Day 28,
they started constructing the raised
bed system in their new shelter.
So it's going to be two tripods.
One, two. Side rails going down.
Slats across, and then a nice pine needle
mattress made out of parachutes.
And after seeing their new shelter
become more and more comfortable,
I was starting to get worry
that I was going to pay
these guys millions of dollars.
The only regret that I have,
they're not bunk beds.
that's honestly an L.
They were betting everything
on their new shelter
being right next to this creek.
But that may have been
a huge mistake
because they couldn't catch another
eel to save their lives.
Snapped it.
At this point I've spent more time
in the wilderness
than I have with my newborn son.
I also have a two year old
with my wife alone.
How do you explain to a two year old
that daddy's going to be gone
and he won't talk to you,
he won't call you
and he won't see you.
Say they were making us an offer,
What would be something
that you would actually buy?
We spend a lot of time out here
trying to get firewood.
You know, having firewood
dropped off would be really nice.
I'd probably pay $10,000 for that.
We are literally
in the middle of the forest.
I couldn't tell you where we are
anymore. Oh, right.
How's it going, boys?
- Doing great, man. How are you?
- Yeah.
As a reward for surviving an
entire month, I brought you a store.
Oh, okay.
We combed through
all your vlog footage,
and we wrote down everything you've
asked for it, such as firewood,
a shovel, cooking supplies, bedding,
and even books and board games.
It's like a dollar store,
but everything costs $10,000.
Oh, man.
This is your store. Feel free to shop.
We’ve won 240 grand.
Might as well check it out.
- What are these?
Those are mosquito nets.
We'll use parachutes. We don't need those.
All right, what about the hammocks?
I like the hammocks, but,
you know, we haven't tried
making them out of parachutes yet.
All right, Grizz, answer this.
What do you can you not make out
of parachutes?
A lot.
Okay, well,
do you guys want the firewood?
- How much wood?
- That's the wood you get.
If it came with unlimited wood,
I would buy it.
I offer them literally everything
they could possibly need here,
and they still weren't interested.
I was beginning to think these two
were secretly
Navy Seals or something.
Are you guys going to buy
literally anything?
You make ten grand a day.
What's another ten grand?
- I got to say no.
- All right.
In a million years,
would not have thought
they would say no to everything.
Next time I'm
going to convince you to spend money.
- We're looking forward to.
- Yeah, man. See you, Jimmy!
- There he goes.
- In his tank.
Stop right here.
I have a special surprise for all of you.
Nolan, what does this look like?
A lot of phones.
A thousand phones to be exact.
Because over the next seven days,
I'm going to be giving
a thousand random people
that subscribe
a free Samsung Galaxy S24.
I literally spent over
$1 million on these phones,
and I'm giving them away to you.
All you have to do to enter to win
one of these phones is subscribe.
It's literally free.
I just want you to know
I appreciate everything
you guys have been doing
for the channel.
It means the world to me. Subscribe.
Win one of these phones. Let's go.
And so they continued without
any of the tools from my offer.
But go figure,
for the next few days,
they weren't able to catch any fish.
And even though
the money kept coming,
they were running out of food
and time to catch it quickly.
I am on the last belt loop.
I think that we have maybe two days
or something worth of food left.
That's not good. Without a boat,
this creek is not productive.
We got to go to that river.
If I can get to that river
and the fishing is good,
that'll turn all this around.
With their rations
running dangerously low,
their only hope of
getting food was to travel
through the swamp
to the river
on the other side in hopes
of catching some fish.
It's risky wasting all these
calories, but I have to do it.
If we're going to make it any further.
But after a grueling hike,
Hase finally found what he was
looking for.
Oh my gosh.
Oh, look at that.
It's the river.
Is that not the most gorgeous thing
you've ever seen?
Finding this river is probably
the difference between us
making our goal
and us tapping out early.
Fortunately, he had a secret weapon.
Grizz
and I made our own fishing pole.
This thing is going
to make catching fish easy.
With Hase's makeshift fishing
pole immediately breaking,
he was going to have to use
his hands and he spent hours trying,
and failing.
Oh, no.
And If he couldn't catch any fish
without immediately dropping them,
the calories burned coming here
would be for nothing.
But just when he was ready to give up...
This is going to be it.
Yeah.
Holy moly.
Yes, I told you it was that one!
And the luck didn't stop there.
I cannot wait to bring this back
to Grizz.
He's going to be so stoked.
We're eating tonight!
Hey!
All right, that's awesome.
Feels like
this is our first real food in ages.
But in the meantime,
I was preparing an offer
that I know they couldn't refuse.
It's day 40.
They've made over a third of $1
million.
And I have an incredibly special for them.
For $10,000,
and I think that you're really going
to like this.
You both can see your wives.
In fact, they're watching right now.
- Do it! Do it!
- Oh my God, guys. Are you serious?
Oh, man.
- I can't let down my kid.
- I know. I can't let down my wife.
Okay, Jimmy.
Yes!
Yeah!
Oh, yeah.
- Yes!
- Oh my God.
It's me, it's daddy.
- Oh, my God.
- I smell so bad.
Hi, Talia.
As nice as it was to see
their families,
the visit was also bittersweet
because there's one big question
on everyone's mind.
How long do you want us to stay?
I want you home now.
Like, I do.
I know you want me home.
But do you need me home?
Yes, she needs you.
Yes. You need to bond with your son.
I don't care what the other guy
says.
You've made enough money.
I need you home.
That conversation was so difficult
for me.
Even so,
yesterday was a really good day.
It had all of the things
that I love.
It had my family, my wife,
my kids, my buddy Grizz.
That was like a really huge gift.
But they're gone now.
To hold her and know that she was safe.
It really has changed the way that
I'm viewing this entire challenge.
Knowing I have my wife's support.
I want to stay
until I have $1 million.
And after some much needed family time,
Hase and Grizz were much
happier than I'd ever seen.
Hase and Grizz, Grizz, Grizz.
- Hase and Grizz, Grizz, Grizz.
Ambush!
Let's smoke some fish.
Look at that. This is perfect.
Even when something happened
that would've totally drained
them before...
$400,000.
By now, they didn't even seem to mind.
It looks like someone had a gender
reveal.
And the gender was just money.
Even though their spirits were high,
there was still a problem
they needed to solve.
In order to get to the river to fish,
they would first need to trudge
through this giant swamp.
But if they had a boat,
they'd easily be able to float down
the creek to the river.
I'm building a boat.
The idea is to create a frame
with sticks
and then attach our tarp
so the whole thing can float.
I'm not feeling super confident
in the boat build.
If we can get down to fish
without having to tromp
through a whole swamp,
it's worth the risk.
Time for the first sea
trial of my beautiful ship.
- Here he goes.
- Grizz!
And this was pretty ironic
considering the offer
I was about to bring them.
It's day 50.
Let's see how they're doing.
- Hey.
- What's up?
Oh, you guys have a village now.
Wait, are you serious? You built a boat?
Yeah, man.
You're telling me this
thing can actually float?
- You want to try it?
- Yeah, I don't... I...
Oh, my gosh, it actually works.
He built a freaking boat
in the woods.
All right,
now that I'm aware of that,
this changes a lot of things.
It's actually insane that
you two built a boat yesterday
because I brought the two of you
a boat with a Zaxby's restaurant.
Oh my gosh. That is so cool, Jimmy.
Before I present the offer,
I want to make sure you're
in a really good state of mind.
This is our brand new MrBeast box
which are now live at
every single Zaxby's across America.
Oh, my God,
that is so good.
The MrBeast box comes with the
best tasting chicken known to man.
And the cool part is, every single
meal comes with the Feastables bar.
Our goal with this collab
was to take the world's best chicken
and pair it
with the world's best chocolate.
Indeed!
Zaxby's also has 12 sauces.
There's like so many flavors
happening in my mouth. What is that?
- That's really good.
- It's the Zax sauce.
Look how happy they are.
If you want to be happy like them,
just go to Zaxby's
and get the MrBeast box right now.
Now that you guys have gotten your meals,
your day 50 offer is for 50 grand
you can have this boat.
We don't have a motor. We don't have
any way to get this thing around.
So you just use sticks.
Oh, Lord, I don't know.
Since you weirdly built the boat
the day before,
I'll give you a discount.
We'll make it $40,000.
My answer is I love the ship I made.
I trust it with my life.
So I'm going to leave it up to Grizz.
For $40,000,
- I'm going to pass on the boat.
- Yes!
I'll get in Hase's death
trap instead.
If that sinks
and you have to quit, I tried.
We appreciate the food. That was lovely.
- Bye, Jimmy.
- I'll see you next time.
So this ship saved us $40,000.
- It's still a death trap.
- Hey hey, hey.
Man, when we first started this
thing, it was in the dead of winter.
- You remember how cold it was?
- Yeah.
Now everything is so nice and warm.
And spring was now in full bloom.
And they were looking
pretty comfortable.
There's a lot of flowers here.
- I can't say that I mind it.
- What is today? 51?
I don't know.
I lost track.
- I hear an airplane coming in.
- Where?
Oh, he's coming straight at us.
This briefcase puts us at $440,000.
Time to build the Hase and Grizz loveseat.
80% of what we're sitting on here
is going straight to my business.
This case?
I don't want Katie
to work 24-hour shifts anymore.
This money is going to do
so much for her and our family.
But while the warmer weather was nice,
it presented new problems like snakes....
Don't want to get bit by that.
And rats.
- Get out of here!
- Every night.
Oh my God.
And It wasn't long until the lack
of sleep started to make them irritable.
Looks like Hase
is struggling to get over here.
Hase, do you need my help?
What does it look like?
You want to paddle up-river into the wind?
Hase, why don't you get over there
and get those fishing lines fixed?
You know what?
You shut your mouth
when you're talking to me.
He's angry.
Can you check those lines
while you're over there?
- What do you think I'm doing?
- I don't know, I was just asking.
Thank you for telling me what to do
what I'm already doing once again.
Very angry.
Keep in mind, at this point,
Hase and Grizz
were very close friends,
but Hase had reached
the end of his rope
and the jokes just weren't
hitting the same anymore.
Grizz's idea about how this
would unwind is not working.
Obviously,
because it's a stupid idea.
Hey. I'm sorry, buddy,
I did not know
I was actually pissing you off.
I thought- I did not know
that you were actually upset.
It's all right.
Okay.
And so, feeling frustrated,
Hase, having turned off his camera,
paddle down river
where he set up his camp
until the next day.
Hase has set sail,
and I think he may have run away.
I certainly be thinking about him.
I know it's supposed to be cold
at night.
If he's not back in a couple days,
I'm going to have to go looking for him.
Let's do something to cheer him up.
So we got a huge board
over here that was left
by Jimmy at the last Beast Drop
And I'm going to repurpose it
into a table with some of our cases.
This is actually pretty sturdy.
And when Hase returned home,
he was not empty handed.
Sounds like Hase has returned
from his great adventure.
Nice. Oh, there's a sea trout.
I'm pretty wiped out.
- Mind if I take a minute.
- No, man. Do your thing.
Grizz!
- Yeah, buddy?
- What's this?
It's our table.
- We have a table.
- Yeah.
Oh, man!
Yeah, I figured
that would perk him up a little bit.
This is $100,000 table, Grizz.
- Welcome back, buddy.
- Feels good to be home.
Come on.
With their survival needs met
and their friendship restored,
one question still remained.
How long will they stay?
We gotta have a serious
conversation.
- Yeah.
- The end.
Honestly, I'd have been done
five days ago.
Maybe push, like, an extra week.
I mean, hell, that's a $35,000 each.
If I pulled that flare on day 70,
how would you feel?
I would feel...
really let down and lied to.
I propose at day 70
we have a conversation decide
if we're going to push further.
That's fair.
I promised Grizz
that I would stay longer for him,
but I'm not happy about it.
Morning, guys.
So Hase has been a little upset.
I'm seeing it. He's keeping to himself,
you know?
So I'm a little worried about him.
Spoken to Grizz about it.
He wants me to stay longer.
He's kind of pushing me to stay longer
and stay longer.
At some point I got to stop being
wilderness guy and go be dad.
Another day.
Yeah.
Oh, no. No, no.
I knew that was going to happen.
I saw it. Oh no.
Oh, no.
Hase going to check out to the case
that has dropped from the sky.
Day 70. I'm going to see
if Grizz is good being done today.
See what he says.
What are we going to do
with all this money?
I kind of want to talk to you
about that.
I´m kind of ready to hit the flare.
What do you think about that?
I want to stay longer.
I know that that you've got to pull...
away from this thing with family.
I know, I know, I know, I know,
we've talked about it a thousand times.
I just want to know
how you feel about it today.
Yes or no?
Can you go one more day?
Give yourself 24 hours
just to kind of feel it out.
I thought a lot about it,
but if you want to go another day,
let's go another day.
How's it going, boys?
- How are you, buddy?
- Good.
Let's go on a little walkie-walk.
We can go over here.
Let's say Hase isn't
a part of the equation.
Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah.
How many more days do you think
you could survive out here?
Let's call it 45 days
would probably be as far as I'd go.
How many do you think
he has left in the tank?
He talks about it every day.
How often do you think about
shooting the flare?
Every day.
What stops you?
At this stage, Grizz.
You know?
He wants to make a million dollars
and it's hard to say no to that.
I have an obligation
to him, too.
But it's starting to go towards
family.
- Yeah.
When you do shoot that flare,
that's going to be crazy.
Oh, I can't wait.
Sleep okay last night?
I don't want to disappoint Grizz but...
I'm...
I think I'm done.
Thought it would be cool
to come back here to our first camp,
where I was shoulder to shoulder
with Grizz every single night.
And after that it was like:
"All right, dude,
we're brothers now."
I expected to walk away
with a lot of money.
I didn't expect to walk away
with, like, a friend for life and...
that's so meaningful to me.
I kind of got to think about
what's right for me and my family.
It's...
Hase got so desperate
that he literally went
into Grizzlies bag
and stole the flare gun,
even though it was his idea
to separate it into two parts.
At this point, all I have to do
is shoot this thing.
And I get to be a dad again.
You know?
I know this thing is
is very challenging.
What we're doing out
here is not easy.
I really, truly do
believe that you're doing
- what's right for your family.
- I disagree.
You're providing for them in a way
that's gonna change their life.
Now it's gone the other way.
Now it's...
I think I need...
I need to be there.
I think that you've been really upset
and you've been missing
your family really bad.
I feel like...
- I think the money doesn't matter.
- You spiraled through this thing.
The money doesn't...
The money doesn't matter to me anymore.
And really, the only thing that's
keeping me here is you.
And I'm sick of it.
Yeah, my family needs me, too, you know?
You're very good at,
you know, manipulating me.
I don’t know.
It was clear that in this moment Grizz
was going to have to make a decision.
Convince Hase
to continue
surviving in these woods
for more and more money,
or be there for his friend
when he needed him the most.
I can't imagine...
having gone through this experience
with anyone else.
I mean, I really do, like,
I genuinely
think of you like a brother,
you know?
I'm sorry that I've just pushed you
on and on and on.
- I just don't want to let you down.
- You're not letting me down.
- Yeah, I am.
- Brothers don't let each other down.
That's the way it is.
Everything.
Everything's got to come to an end
sometime.
Let me see that flare.
I owe you this.
And to be honest with you,
I'm sorry that it's taken so long.
I think it's time for us
to do this thing, buddy.
- I love you, buddy.
- I love you too, man.
You smell bad.
I think that they shot the flare.
No, you take that one.
Let's go check in on them.
- We're rich!
- Boys. Oh my God.
- Hey, Jimmy.
When we dropped them off
this is what they looked like,
and here's them 74 days later.
Crazy.
Yes, they look crazy.
You haven't left these woods
in 74 days.
- Dude, I'm so ready.
- One final surprise.
Oh my God!
Oh my gosh! Hi, Talia, baby!
I love you!
After 74 days, they won $670,000.
In case you forgot,
we're giving away
a thousand Samsung phones
to random people
that subscribe in the next week.
So don't forget, press that
subscribe button right now.